DM-2153 Add documentation for executelegacy and coap shell commands (#958)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/shell-commands.md

<td align="left">The value to be written to the resource. Must be given using the type of the resource.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="left">executeparameters</td>

> <td align="left">The execute parameters have to conform to <i>arglist</i> ANBF syntax as described in the OMA Lightweight M2M specification.</td>

Author: I just did so. Good hint!

<td align="left">Executes a resource on the device with optional parameters.</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td align="left">executelegacy /&lt;objectID&gt;/&lt;instanceID&gt;/&lt;resourceID&gt; [&lt;executeparameters&gt;]</td>

Reviewer: For execute:
parameters -> executeparameters
For executelegacy:
executeparameters -> string

<td align="center">1.0, 1.1</td>

> <td align="left">Executes a resource on the device and sends the parameters as TEXT/PLAIN string. This used to be the behavior until version 10.15 and allows non-standard compliant execute parameters to be send to the device.</td>

Reviewer: ...to be sent...
...This used to be the behavior for execute operation until version 10.15...

> <td align="left">Executes a resource on the device and sends the parameters as TEXT/PLAIN string. This was the behavior of the execute command in Cumulocity IoT until version 10.15. In contrast to the regular <code>execute</code> command, <code>executelegacy</code> allows execute parameters not in line with the Lightweight M2M standard to be sent to the device.</td>

Reviewer: Cumulocity IoT -> you need to use placeholder thing sth. like {{product....}} instead.

<td align="center">1.0, 1.1</td>
<td align="left">Sets the data format.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="left">coap &lt;requestJson&gt;</td>
<td align="center">1.0, 1.1</td>

> <td align="left" width="50%">Allows a raw coap request to be sent to a LWM2M device. The command takes a request JSON string as as a single argument.

Reviewer: ... as a single argument.

what is the json content looks like, can you put an example?

<td align="center">1.0, 1.1</td>
<td align="left">Sets the data format.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="left">coap &lt;requestJson&gt;</td>
<td align="center">1.0, 1.1</td>

> <td align="left">Allows a raw coap request to be sent to a LWM2M device. The command takes a request JSON string as a single argument. <br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td align="left">Allows a raw CoAP request to be sent to a LWM2M device. The command takes a request JSON string as a single argument. <br />
```

<br />
Example: <br/> 
	
	coap { 
		"method" : "get",
		"uri" : "/3/0",
		"accept" : "application/vnd.oma.lwm2m+json"}
	
<br />

> The CoAP response data is populated into the operation response. Please note that {{< product-c8y-iot >}} does not further process CoAP responses. We also recommend using raw CoAP requests for device interactions only in exceptional cases. Any interaction with an LWM2M device should be carried out using standard LWM2M operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CoAP response data is populated into the operation response. Note that {{< product-c8y-iot >}} does not further process CoAP responses. We also recommend you to use raw CoAP requests for device interactions only in exceptional cases. Any interaction with an LWM2M device should be carried out using standard LWM2M operations.
```
